PR for SRVLOGIC-191: Add "Managing events" directory for Openshift Serverless Logic docs. (#80205)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-asyncapi-publishing-event.adoc

[source,json]
----
{
 "states": [
   {
     "name": "sendEvent",
     "type": "operation",
     "actions": [
       {
         "functionRef": "sendResume",
         "arguments": {

>            "name": "John Doe"

Reviewer: `Javierito` was changed to `John Doe` here, but the subsequent step in this procedure is still referencing `Javierito`:

<img width="661" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/193f7850-0233-4361-ac7c-eddd48176297">

The formatting in there also looks strange, FWIW (unmarked-up `{` and `}` and I could be wrong but the `\` before `localhost` gave me pause).

         }
       }
     ]
   }
 ]
}
----

. Execute the workflow.
+

> When the workflow reaches the `sendEvent` state, it sends an event to the endpoint `\localhost:8080/resume` with the payload {`"name":"Javierito"`}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the workflow reaches the `sendEvent` state, it sends an event to the endpoint `\localhost:8080/resume` with the payload {`"name": "John Doe"`}.
```

Author: Done!
